CC-14561: Support multiple abstract products in discount promotional products. (#742)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202200.0/multiple-abstract-products-promotions-and-discounts-feature-integration.md

---
title: Multiple Abstract Products as Promotional Products & Discounts feature integration
description: Add support of multiple abstract products as promotional products in the Promotions & Discounts feature.
last_updated: Feb 04, 2022
template: feature-integration-guide-template
---

This document describes how to add the *multiple abstract products as promotional products* to the [Promotions & Discounts](/docs/scos/user/features/{{page.version}}/promotions-discounts-feature-overview.html) feature.

## Install feature core

Follow the steps below to install the feature core.

### Prerequisites

To start feature integration, integrate the required features:

| NAME | VERSION | INTEGRATION GUIDE |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Promotions & Discounts | {{page.version}} | [Promotions & Discounts feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{page.version}}/promotions-and-discounts-feature-integration.html) |
| Spryker Cart | {{page.version}}   | [Spryker Cart feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{page.version}}/cart-feature-integration.md.html) |

### 1) Install the required modules using Composer

Install the required modules:

```bash

> composer require spryker/discount-promotions-rest-api "^1.4.0"

Reviewer: that's not enough
at similar IG we updated feature

see https://github.com/spryker/spryker-docs/pull/684/files

please also discuss with Anton if you need to update basic IG as he did

Reviewer: discussed

**src/Pyz/Yves/CartPage/CartPageDependencyProvider.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Yves\CartPage;

use SprykerShop\Yves\CartPage\CartPageDependencyProvider as SprykerCartPageDependencyProvider;
use SprykerShop\Yves\DiscountPromotionWidget\Plugin\CartPage\DiscountPromotionAddToCartFormWidgetParameterExpanderPlugin;

class CartPageDependencyProvider extends SprykerCartPageDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return array<\SprykerShop\Yves\CartPageExtension\Dependency\Plugin\AddToCartFormWidgetParameterExpanderPluginInterface>
     */
    protected function getAddToCartFormWidgetParameterExpanderPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new DiscountPromotionAddToCartFormWidgetParameterExpanderPlugin(),
        ];
    }
}
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Ensure that the plugin works correctly:

1. [Create a discount](/docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/{{page.version}}/merchandising/discount/creating-cart-rules.html) and select **Promotional Product** radio button in **Discount Calculation** form.

> 2. Add a product abstract sku into the **Abstract Product SKU(s)** field.

Reviewer 2: If we're trying to validate that the plugin works, we should create a discount with multiple promo products, correct?

> 2. Add a product abstract sku into the **Abstract Product SKU(s)** field.

Author: @JacquieRooney, a discount with only one promotion product is also fine. The main point here is to have two discounts with at least one same product. The plugin allows displaying the same product in several discount carousels on the cart page.

> 2. Add a product abstract sku into the **Abstract Product SKU(s)** field.

Reviewer 2: OK, got it. Please decline this change.

> 3. Create another discount with the at least one same **Promotional Product**.

Reviewer 2: Is this required? Why are we asking them to create a discount with at least one of the same products as the other discount?

Author: @JacquieRooney, the plugin allows displaying the same product in several discount carousels on the cart page.

Reviewer 2: Understood, thanks for clarifying.

> 3. Create another discount with the at least one same **Promotional Product**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> 4. To fulfill the discounts' requirements, add items to the cart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Add items to the cart to fulfill the discount's conditions.
```

> 5. Make sure that both discount are displayed in the the **Promotional Product** section on the cart page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Make sure that all products from the discount are displayed in the the **Promotional Product** section on the cart page.
```

{% endinfo_block %}

### 4) Build Zed UI frontend

Enable Javascript and CSS changes:

```bash
console frontend:zed:install-dependencies
console frontend:zed:build
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

> Make sure that you can create a discount with multiple promotional products:

Reviewer 2: Isn't this the same as the plugin verification process? Do we need this?

Author: @JacquieRooney, basically - yes. However, when we verify that the plugin works, our goal is to make sure that all promotional products are displayed on the cart page. While here we have to make sure that a discount is applied after a promotion product is added to the cart.
Should this step be added to the plugin verification instruction? So we can remove this section.

Reviewer 2: No, we can leave it as-is. I understand the difference between the two exercises now.

---

> title: Multiple Abstract Products as Promotional Products & Discounts feature integration

Reviewer 3: the title and file name are different. Which one is correct?
Both must be identic

Author: The title is correct
